Write a short note on pseudo-code.
What is Pseudo Code? Write Pseudo code for the addition of two numbers.
What is an algorithm? Write an algorithm to find the smallest of three numbers.
Explain the arithmetic and relational operators in C.
What is looping? Explain "while loop" in detail with syntax and examples.
Explain "Nested for loop” with example.
Explain for loop and while loop with syntax and examples.
Write a program in 'C' to print numbers from 1 to N using a while loop.
What do you mean by branching statements? Explain else....if ladder with syntax and example.
Give the purpose, syntax and example of the switch statement.
Write and explain a program in 'C' to print a half pyramid using the alphabet as given below :
    A
    A B 
    A B C
    A B C D 
    A B C D E
What is array? Write a program to find the maximum element of an array.
Define Array. Write a program to search an element in the given array of size n.
Write a program to find the sum of rows and columns in two-dimensional array of size 3 × 3.
Write a program in C to find the largest number from one-dimensional array.
Write a program to sort the elements of a one-dimensional Array using Bubble's sort method.
Write any five string manipulation functions the 'C' language provides. Explain with a suitable example.
Write a program for the addition of two matrices.
Write a program to check the given symmetric matrix or not.
write a program to transpose the given matrix.
Explain the following string functions with an example
    (i) strlen()
    (ii) strcat()
    (iii) strcpy()
    (iv) strcmp()
    (v) strrev()
Describe the various components of a user-defined function.
What is function? What are different ways to give a call to function?
Explain arguments and parameters.
Explain function definition and declaration.
parameter passing mechanisms: call by value and call by reference
What is recursion? explain with an example.
Write a program to find the factorial of a number using recursion.
write a program to print a table of a given number using recursion.
Write a program in 'C' to illustrate function with :
    a) with argument and without return value
    b) without argument and with return value
write a short note on:
    a) local variables
    b) global variables 
What is a structure in C, and how is it defined?
How is a union different from a structure in C?
How do you declare and initialize a structure in C? Give an example.
What are the memory allocation differences between a structure and a union?
What are some use cases where you would prefer a union over a structure?
How do you define and access a union in C?
What are the limitations of using a union in C?
What is a Pointer? Explain the pointer with an example.
Write a syntax to declare pointers. Explain * and & pointer operators with examples.
What is a pointer? Explain pointer to pointer with an example.
Write a program in C to input 10 numbers and find their sum using a pointer.
write a program to swap 2 values using a function using call by reference.
Explain how call by reference works with examples.